Abundance
2GG
Enchantment
If you would draw a card, you may instead choose land or nonland and reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card of the chosen kind. Put that card into your hand and put all other cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in any order.

Clone
3U
Creature - Shapeshifter
0/0
As Clone comes into play, you may choose a creature in play. If you do, Clone comes into play as a copy of that creature.

Coat of Arms
5
Artifact
Each creature gets +1/+1 for each other creature in play that shares a creature type with it. (For example, if a Goblin Warrior, a Goblin Scout, and a Zombie Goblin are in play, each gets +2/+2.)

Commune with Nature
G
Sorcery
Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.

Consume Spirit
X1B
Sorcery
Spend only black mana on X.
Consume Spirit deals X damage to target creature or player and you gain X life.

Crucible of Worlds
3
Artifact
You may play land cards from your graveyard.

Furnace of Rath
1RRR
Enchantment
If a source would deal damage to a creature or player, it deals double that damage to that creature or player instead.

Guerrilla Tactics
1R
Instant
Guerrilla Tactics deals 2 damage to target creature or player.
When a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Guerrilla Tactics, Guerrilla Tactics deals 4 damage to target creature or player.

High Ground
W
Enchantment
Each creature you control can block an additional creature.

Incinerate
1R
Instant
Incinerate deals 3 damage to target creature or player. A creature dealt damage this way can't be regenerated this turn.

Kjeldoran Royal Guard
3WW
Creature - Human Soldier
2/5
T All combat damage that would be dealt to you by unblocked creatures this turn is dealt to Kjeldoran Royal Guard instead.

Knight of Dusk
1BB
Creature - Human Knight
2/2
BB: Destroy target creature blocking Knight of Dusk.

Legacy Weapon
7
Legendary Artifact
WUBRG: Remove target permanent from the game.
If Legacy Weapon would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Legacy Weapon and shuffle it into its owner's library instead.

March of the Machines
3U
Enchantment
Each noncreature artifact is an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost. (Equipment that's a creature can't equip a creature.)

Mind Bend
U
Instant
Change the text of target permanent by replacing all instances of one color word with another or one basic land type with another. (For example, you may change "nonblack creature" to "nongreen creature" or "forestwalk" to "islandwalk." This effect doesn't end at end of turn.)

No Rest for the Wicked
1B
Enchantment
Sacrifice No Rest for the Wicked: Return to your hand all creature cards that were put into your graveyard from play this turn.

Pariah
2W
Enchantment - Aura
Enchant creature (Target a creature as you play this. This card comes into play attached to that creature.)
All damage that would be dealt to you is dealt to enchanted creature instead.

Peek
U
Instant
Look at target player's hand.
Draw a card.

Phage the Untouchable
3BBBB
Legendary Creature - Minion
4/4
When Phage the Untouchable comes into play, if you didn't play it from your hand, you lose the game. 
Whenever Phage deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated. 
Whenever Phage deals combat damage to a player, that player loses the game.

Pithing Needle
1
Artifact
As Pithing Needle comes into play, name a card.
Activated abilities of sources with the chosen name can't be played unless they're mana abilities.

Plagiarize
3U
Instant
Until end of turn, if target player would draw a card, instead that player skips that draw and you draw a card.

Platinum Angel
7
Artifact Creature - Angel
4/4
Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
You can't lose the game and your opponents can't win the game.

Relentless Assault
2RR
Sorcery
Untap all creatures that attacked this turn. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.

Relentless Rats
1BB
Creature - Rat
2/2
Relentless Rats gets +1/+1 for each other creature in play named Relentless Rats.
A deck can have any number of cards named Relentless Rats.

Rhox
4GG
Creature - Rhino Beast
5/5
You may have Rhox deal its combat damage to defending player as though it weren't blocked.
2G: Regenerate Rhox. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)

Rule of Law
2W
Enchantment
Each player can't play more than one spell each turn.

Scoria Wurm
4R
Creature - Wurm
7/7
At the beginning of your upkeep, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, return Scoria Wurm to its owner's hand.

Sea Monster
4UU
Creature - Serpent
6/6
Sea Monster can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.

Seismic Assault
RRR
Enchantment
Discard a land card: Seismic Assault deals 2 damage to target creature or player.

Shunt
1RR
Instant
Change the target of target spell with a single target.

Soulblast
3RRR
Instant
As an additional cost to play Soulblast, sacrifice all creatures you control. 
Soulblast deals damage to target creature or player equal to the total power of the sacrificed creatures.

Spellbook
0
Artifact
You have no maximum hand size.

Stalking Tiger
3G
Creature - Cat
3/3
Stalking Tiger can't be blocked by more than one creature.

Story Circle
1WW
Enchantment
As Story Circle comes into play, choose a color.
W: The next time a source of your choice of the chosen color would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage.

Telepathy
U
Enchantment
Your opponents play with their hands revealed.

Telling Time
1U
Instant
Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of those cards into your hand, one on top of your library, and one on the bottom of your library.

Time Stop
4UU
Instant
End the turn. (Remove all spells and abilities on the stack from the game, including this card. The player whose turn it is discards down to his or her maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and "this turn" and "until end of turn" effects end.)

Time Stretch
8UU
Sorcery
Target player takes two extra turns after this one.

Viashino Runner
3R
Creature - Viashino
3/2
Viashino Runner can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.

Voice of All
2WW
Creature - Angel
2/2
Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
As Voice of All comes into play, choose a color. 
Voice of All has protection from the chosen color. (It can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything of the chosen color.)

Warp World
5RRR
Sorcery
Each player shuffles all permanents he or she owns into his or her library, then reveals that many cards from the top of his or her library. Each player puts all artifact, creature, and land cards revealed this way into play, then puts all enchantment cards revealed this way into play, then puts all cards revealed this way that weren't put into play on the bottom of his or her library in any order.
